hello guys this is serious and this is
but the geotech EXO fivehead said
there's been so much problems with this
it's been unbelievable I tried to
respond to every single person some
messages which they've left me I hope
they've helped them unfortunately I
don't know everything but I am planning
on doing a video about all the emails
i'm going to send to the geotech about
an email i'm going to say i'll see what
they respond with if they respond with
anything and that will be coming up in a
video shortly i have figured out one
thing though on the other hand i figured
out how to actually use your voice in
game for ages I didn't know how to do
this i know some people out there didn't
know how to do this and then I got this
comment today saying that he plugged
into his control I was like hmm you know
i just--can disk this headset doesn't
plug into a control and then i found
which went out checked back in my box
and i found this and there's like haha i
know exactly what this is for and this
is going to plug into your little box on
which connects the headset to those
other wires this box which has the
switches on the side if you have the
xbox and ps3 vision and on the one side
it has a hole in and you're going to put
one side oh sorry guys but I don't have
a tripod remember one side in to this
and then the other side into your xbox
and I tried this and it worked out
really good and a voice sound was dit so
that's what you've got to do remember
eyes I hope this video's help there will
be another video on the problems which
I'm going to send to geotech and see
what they reply with so your box will
actually turn out with two wires coming
out the rear end
and we'll also your controller will now
look like this I hope this has helped
this is happening on your video I'm
sending them an email soon and there
will be a video coming up if you've
liked this video if you found this video
helpful please subscribe guys because it
would just mean a lot to me okay so guys
see you next time with a video on how on
the problems and what I receive back
from geotech